[docs] EP plan validation (#46900)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/quantization/finegrained_fp8.md

## UE8M0 scale format

DeepSeek V4-style checkpoints store FP8 weight scales in the packed `float8_e8m0fnu` format instead of `float32`. These checkpoints are pre-quantized and set `scale_fmt="ue8m0"` in their quantization config. Both the DeepGEMM and Triton kernels read UE8M0 scales, so these checkpoints run on either path.

> On Blackwell (SM100+), the DeepGEMM experts kernels require UE8M0 scales. A checkpoint with plain `float32` scales (`scale_fmt="float"`) raises a `ValueError`. Use a `scale_fmt="ue8m0"` checkpoint, or run the experts on `grouped_mm` or `batched_mm`, which read `float32` scales directly. Hopper (SM90+) consumes `float32` scales on the DeepGEMM path without conversion. See the [Experts backends](../experts_interface) guide for the experts backend options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Blackwell (SM100+), the DeepGEMM experts kernels only supports UE8M0 scales. A checkpoint with `float32` scales (`scale_fmt="float"`) raises a `ValueError`. Use a `scale_fmt="ue8m0"` checkpoint, or run the experts with `grouped_mm` or `batched_mm`, which support `float32` scales. Hopper (SM90+) supports `float32` scales on the DeepGEMM path without conversion. See the [Experts backends](../experts_interface) guide for the experts backend options.
```
